the ultimate follow-up machine one of
the best things that you can do inside
of your sales and marketing process is
know when to deploy what based on where
your leads are at in your sales process
sometimes you get sales conversations
that happen far too early on and your
sales people will [__] as a result
about that they'll feel like leads are
unqualified when in reality they aren't
they're just too early in the sales
process and they have to be moved
further along when you have salespeople
that have those types of conversations
instead of just throwing the leadway and
saying a this person's un qual I'm not
talking to him anymore no no no no you
have to learn how to have like a launch
control system where your salespeople
are well Tred on the CRM and can flick
different toggles press different
buttons and have different marketing
assets deploy to those leads in that
given moment that are most appropriate
for them based on where they're at in
your sales process my name is Jeremy
Haynes I have helped 40 different
companies right now hit million doll
months okay all I do on my YouTube
channel is hand down the lessons from
those companies to you I'm just taking
million dooll month lessons packaging
them into bite size put you on game
videos here on the channel and trying to
get you a little bit richer okay welcome
in if you're new if you are already a
subscriber welcome back I got another
Banger for you here today so the first
thing that you really have to understand
is your sales cycle okay and you have to
be able to successfully map your process
from A to Z okay a being awareness and
where a lead originates in most
instances all the way to the point of
the close and if you want well beyond
the close you can even take it as far as
upsell territory if you want to in
between there's a few key things that
happen okay there's a certain point
where a lead becomes curious enough to
officially take an action with the
business they are not sold yet but
they're going to be responsive to your
direct response ads they're going to
enter into your sales process or
essentially go through your advertising
and marketing process at a certain point
they take an action okay book a call opt
in for a webinar opt into a challenge
funnel DM the business and start going
through a DM ad strategy fill in out an
instant form aka the Hydra okay and just
again entering into the sales process
from here there's a pretty significant
amount of education and framing that
occurs and that education typically
happens from three main things okay
short form long form and your sales
people okay salespeople always 100% of
the time get erratic and pissed when
they talk to leads way too early in the
process way too early in the process is
somewhere in this phase specifically Al
right after the person takes action but
before they've consumed any of the
content that generally pisses sales
people of and makes them say hey all
these people are unqualified which we
know as sophisticated advertisers and
marketers they're not unqualified
they're just early along in the process
okay now we have plenty of strategies
that we deploy around here in order to
warm people up and get them to the point
where they're better framed before they
talk to a salesperson however the point
of this specific video is not to sit
here and tell you about things like the
hammer them strategy the trust flywheel
indoctrination assets trust assets or
really anything that has to do with all
of your sophisticated email marketing
strategies and your follow-up systems
and your content remarketing systems
after the persons take the action no no
on this specific video what I want to
talk about is what a lot of our
highlevel clients do after they've
already got those things built out what
they end up doing when I say at the
beginning of this video they build like
these dashboards okay where they train
their salespeople on how to actually use
the CRM in most instances what ends up
happening is the salesperson will have
these reasons that they can mark in the
CRM like a drop- down field almost every
CRM has custom fields and this is where
the magic starts with this whole process
okay cuz all you're doing after one of
these custom Fields get gets tripped is
just if this then that logic okay so as
an example if a lead gets on a call with
our sales organization okay somebody in
the team says this lead is too early and
that is one of the reasons in this drop-
down box that you put is too early well
if that occurs then we want to have an
entire marketing automation sequence
that fires off to that [__] that deals
with them being too early in the sales
process okay what would too early in the
sales process looked like it might be
that the lead showed up and asked
questions that again were just super
surface level and you could tell they're
at the very top of the sales process
questions like hey what is this how's
this all work why would I want to do it
you know like questions like that that
again just like piss your sales team off
from that that perspective okay if
that's the case for you currently and
you get a lot of that how much better
would it be if you had an entire
marketing automation process okay now
let me just be clear on the definition
of what I'm talking about when I say
marketing automation okay cuz this this
can get quite sophisticated for what
you're capable of doing so marketing
automation can be first of all an email
sequence which is the obvious option we
have texts but in addition to that we
have specific content remarketing SE
sequences that can go out to people too
so it doesn't just have to be our emails
and our texts okay here's the key here's
what all of this really boils down to is
context okay context equals big dollars
okay big time money comes from Context
when you treat everybody the same that's
going through your sales process you're
going to have a bad time simply put
you're just not going to maximize every
lead that comes through the funnel I
want to be very direct when I say this
this is so important to understand for
why generally this is only deployed by
the big dogs is because if the big dogs
can make a difference of like 5% of
people showing up or they can make a
difference of like 5% extra people
closing or if they can make a difference
of like an extra $2,000 in their aovs
okay their average order values I mean
guys it's it is Extreme the amount of
money that these companies either leave
on the table and lose or that they put
in their pockets and make as a result of
just these small improvements in these
statistics across these funnels okay so
these dissertation re reasons that's the
proper term for when I say you need to
have a custom field in the CRM that just
has dissertation reasons that's like too
early okay and I'm going to give you a
few examples here I'm not going to give
you all the examples that we put our
Inner Circle members on to but I will
give you a lot of examples regardless
okay some dissertation reasons again too
early okay now watch this this is this
is one of my favorites needs X okay so
what can X be let's use the example that
somebody gets onto a call about your
offer okay and your offer has like three
main components that make people buy
after they understand these three
specific things okay so let's say that
the person comes through framed quite
well on thing number one and on thing
number three but on thing number two in
this hypothetical example AKA why they
just struggled to grasp it so they need
more framing around that because when
those three things that your company
specifically knows with certainty if
people know this before they talk with
us their probability of buying is
dramatically higher let's just use this
hypothetical example there's three key
things that somebody just again if they
know those things or sold on those
things they're [__] buying at a very
high rate again we want to make sure we
have sequences okay dissertation reasons
and marketing automation paired with
those sequences that can textually
address those specific problems those
needs for framing okay we have a much
higher probability to get people to buy
during the follow-up stages okay and
here's the important thing to understand
dissertation reasons can range from
things like what we just talked about
like too early or needing specific
framing things and it can also range
over to objections so rather than just
being specific to you know some of the
more like we'll call them friend end
reasons that people are probable to you
know go through some content like need
something the objections are also things
that we can create sequences for now the
followup to this okay how are you going
to go about getting this information so
I call this part the consumables okay so
we have to have a list of different
consumables we have to have videos and
this is important to note right we got
short videos we got long videos there
was a uh recent Inner Circle member that
we gave a million dollar a month trophy
to Mr Daniel faio okay and Daniel is
very smart guy okay we love Daniel in
the group I love D after hearing Daniel
I was like D I think this guy could be
my best friend you know he has the same
lingo as me I love Daniel but to be
clear Daniel in his vssl he was given a
specific tip talking about his vssl and
he was like just like you guys are
sitting here on YouTube you have the
ability to scrub through the video and
you have the ability to see what I'm
talking about and when and maybe I'm
talking about something that you just
don't give a [__] about it's like all
you're going to do is go scrub the video
with that little control slider there
you're going to go find something that's
more applicable to you that you
specifically want to know that's
tremendous that's great why not do that
same thing in your vssl was the point
that Daniel made okay it's the same
thing in your long form content why not
take a long form piece of content and
break it out into shorter Clips okay and
give people the opportunity to consume
it in three different ways you have the
videos you have the the writing okay and
then on top of that you have variations
of consuming both of these one of my
favorites and I can't believe I'm giving
this tip out for free to be honest with
you we've we've been having a [__]
field day with this tool in the Inner
Circle right now we've we've been loving
this as a new consumable okay it's
called gamma and Gamma can take the same
information that we just talked about
like videos texts and it turns it into
this thing they call a gamma do okay and
we we have again we've just been having
a field day with this we've been loving
it it's so cool to use and test and just
try out and see if you get some better
results at getting people to just go
through the information that you want
them to consume so here's my point with
this whole consumables part of the
equation okay this is what you need in
order to get this part of the equation
to work okay so when one of the
salespeople triggers a dissertation that
says like oh this person's too early or
all this person needs XYZ or oh they had
this specific objection well from there
you have to have a good set of
consumables for the person to then get
smashed with in order to increase the
probability to buy emails texts videos
long videos short videos gamma dos sales
people to have the conversation with
that are willing to educate them and
spend the time with them things like
this these are all examples of
consumables and again I'm going to add
that to the list as well sales person
conversation okay these things matter is
my point the consumables make or break
whether this [__] works for you and
whether you're actually going to be able
to create the contextual resources that
the people going into your your process
crave cuz if not what are you really
left with really think about this what
are you left with if you don't have
contextual consumables created that are
contextual to specific dissertations
that your salespeople has said hey this
person needs this specific [__]
addressed what are they left with
otherwise some random [__] sequence
that you might not even have by the way
that's the craziest part like we find
people all the time that are at a good
couple hundred grand a month trying to
get to million dooll months that don't
even have a [__] post call sequence
for email let alone for the content that
they should get pivoted to seeing next
the text what the salese should be
talking about next there's just [__] all
there that exists so from that
perspective really think about what I'm
trying to tell you here okay you're in a
position where after one of the most
important things that can happen in your
business occurs a sales conversation or
a webinar or something where the person
could have converted and didn't you
don't have proper followup built out
that's contextual to why they didn't
close and yet you wonder why you're at
the amount of Revenue you're at not
making more money it's like is it that
[__] shocking you know it's not to me
and here's the other thing for why
that's probably happening cuz you have
zero accountability and eyeballs on your
business besides you and if you haven't
been able to conclude to this yet as
you're this far into the video you not
having this means you need somebody's
help like mine my eyeballs on your
business are extremely valuable okay I
would never let you operate without
these kind of things every single highle
client we have uses them leverages them
and gets pretty significant improvements
across all these different stats all as
a result of doing these things why
aren't you join into my inner circle
offer twice a month one-on-one calls
weekly group calls we have masterminds
four times a year we have a group chat
full of rich people trying to get richer
that's very active where they all share
things that are very it because we trust
each other we don't let [__] losers
or value vultures into the group you're
not going to join in there and feel like
a big dog quite contrary to that almost
everybody who joins in even if they're
high couple hundred grand a month feels
like a [__] small fry cuz it's not
necessarily even just about the amount
of Revenue you're at it's about what you
know and if you looked at this specific
video and you say yeah I don't have any
of this [__] and it's obvious that I
should that's a perfect example of what
I'm talking about you'll go in there and
you'll start to create this and you'll
share these things in the group chat
you'll get my perspective and you'll get
plenty of other people's perspectives
too everybody's there to try to get
richer everybody's willing to help it's
a very give and take kind of
relationship that you develop with all
these other people in the group besides
myself I'd encourage you apply to join
in there's a link in the description
below and at the very least subscribe to
the channel go check out some of my
other videos every single video on this
channel is dedicated to taking all these
high level lessons that million dooll
month earners that we've worked with
directly have used and deployed and made
money with and just handed them down to
you to try to help you get rich we don't
make any income claims or promise that
you'll come even remotely [__] close
to a million dollar a month watching
these videos but at the very least you
know you apply things like this I just
would imagine you got to be in an awful
position where like you either don't
have a business you got a terrible offer
or like you again like everything just
has to be so off to not be able to get
some type of result with [__] like this
okay whether you join or not go improve
your process go get richer okay and go
check out some of my other videos cuz
again they're all very value dense and
they help you in ways just like what we
talked about here today I'll see you
soon